draw me a violent to draw a
violin it's very simple starts with
make a rectangle make a triangle with
a tip a bit wide but draws a
rectangle
then a second and a third
rectangle next makes a round pulls a
trait does the same thing underneath then
on the other side starts with doing a
curve then continue making an arc
circle in the other direction and finally
ends with a curve does the same
thing on the other side
trace a rectangle draws a doubled line
from the rectangle to the end of the violin traces
strokes along your violin makes a
small round a curve then a small round
on each side draws a market of your
violin for that draws a rectangle and
draw a line above
now you can color it and that's it
your violin is over